Turrets:
 Concluded(or aproximate) 

  balista: A simple and small turret developed by crux, the beggining of something new. (crux, sharded)
, multi-balista: One sucessful attempt to upgrade the balista. (crux, sharded)
, cyber-balista: A powerfull laser shooter, a huge advance from the balista. (crux, sharded)
  defensor: A tanky projectle destroyer, made to protect nearby blocks and destroy incoming strikes, developed by sharded. (sharded, crux)

 Up coming:

  
, absorver: After crux saw the power of defensor, they decided to steal it's tech and improve further into their likings, a turret upgrade for phase walls. (crux, sharded)
, striker: Throughout the battle for who will dominate serpulo, sharded advanced further into offensive turrets, striking powerful attacks from far away, less effetive on units. (sharded)
, forbidden: Throughout the battle for who will dominate serpulo, crux advanced further into the ultimate defense, taken illegal by sharded, it's a nightmare for those who survived. (crux)
, traker(needs name ideas): This turret launches 7 bullets in a 360 angle that homes after little time, very fastly into nearby opponents, slow and pricy, but very effective. (crux)

Units:

 Up coming:

  hover: a naval/ground hybrid that hovers over the ground and travel fastly at water, mostly defensive, but can prove it self a nightmare to enemy structures. (crux)
, water-jet: a naval/air hybrid that flyes at extreme speed and travel slowly on water, mostly offensive, but can prove it self a nightmare to enemy units. (sharded)
, warper: An air unit capable of semi-teleportation across the field, extremelly vulnerable and yet powerful, it's singular dps can take down entire defenses in a mere blink. (crux, sharded)
(warper warping ability isn't a teleportation due to lack of coding skill, instead it will be a incredible speed boost for very few miliseconds with 0 shooting effect, will have very limited range, speculating to be 170-180, minimum and max range as where the ability can be used if there is a oponent inside, the warp should lead the warper to about the middle of the given range, may change according to unit speed allowing for longer/shorter warps, it will grant a effect called warped, which heavily reduces speed and boosts fire rate)
,  sentinel: A very slow and bulky leg based unit, low dps, focus on high damage and high hp/armor and high range, considered the opposite of warper
  



